Update Istio documentation to reflect stable Kubernetes Gateway API support (#15103)
istio/istio.io: content/en/boilerplates/gateway-api-future.md

---
---

> In addition to its own traffic management API, Istio includes [stable support for the Kubernetes Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/) and intends to make it the default API for traffic management [in the future](/blog/2024/gateway-mesh-ga/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio includes [stable support for the Kubernetes Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/) and intends to make it the default API for traffic management [in the future](/blog/2024/gateway-mesh-ga/).
```

Author: corrected 👍

> In addition to its own traffic management API, Istio includes [stable support for the Kubernetes Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/) and intends to make it the default API for traffic management [in the future](/blog/2024/gateway-mesh-ga/).

Author: changed 👍

---
---

> Istio includes [stable support for the Kubernetes Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio includes stable support for the Kubernetes [Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/)
```

Author: updated

> Istio includes stable support for the Kubernetes [Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/)
> and intends to make it the default API for traffic management [in the future](/blog/2024/gateway-mesh-ga/).

Reviewer 2: Since the reference blog doesn't mention default API or the future, maybe change the text to something like this?
```suggestion
Istio includes stable support for the Kubernetes [Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/)
for [ingress (“north-south”) and service mesh (“east-west”) traffic management](/blog/2024/gateway-mesh-ga/).
```

Reviewer 3: https://preliminary.istio.io/latest/docs/releases/feature-stages/ says N-S is Stable and E-W is Beta. If we're going into detail we should be correct; otherwise I'm fine to not go into detail

> Istio includes stable support for the Kubernetes [Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/)
> and intends to make it the default API for traffic management [in the future](/blog/2024/gateway-mesh-ga/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio supports the Kubernetes [Gateway API ](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/) and intends to make it the default [in the future](/blog/2024/gateway-mesh-ga/).
```
